hey this is Pam dinner welcome to
another episode of b2b marketing with
Pam so happy that you are watching the
show for today the specific question I
want to address is if you are working
very closely with sales what type of
questions you can ask them to understand
them more that's assume that you are
working with them and you're not
necessary have a good rapport or the
relationship is so-so
what questions can you ask them to
understand a little bit more to build
that personal relationship there are
five questions I want to share with you
the first question I found incredibly
useful and I use it all the time and I
always get them talking the question I
ask is hey my sales peep how do you
manage and handle rejections for them to
close one deal they have to receive
encounter rejections all the time right
every single day so I always ask them as
a first question how do you manage that
you know what this is a great question
for them it gets them talking they were
like oh my god you care about me you
care about that I get daily rejection
you are actually thinking about and
share with me or talking with me in
terms of how I manage it great the next
things that you can ask naturally is hey
for all the rejected leads should they
come back to marketing and should we
nurture them why or why not right that's
another question that they can share
their perspective based on the reason
the causes of rejections and what they
think that marketing should do and again
that give you directions in terms of how
you can segment you know your marketing
outreach for the rejected leads the
third question I usually ask them is now
you are talking to me about the
rejections what about your glorious
moments so what are some of your biggest
wins in the past two years obviously all
the stars were able to align so what did
you do to make that happen
so that again gives you some insights in
terms of what they did right and that
will give you some ideas in terms of how
to support them the fourth question I
ask them is somehow related to that as
well is
obviously you do a lot of stuff right to
get the prospect to move along to the
sale stages so what kind of content do
you use at different stages obviously
they are going to set it depends depends
on the prospect depends on the clients
depends on the situation depends on the
industry segments or whatnot whenever
they say it depends I say give me one
example
just give me one scenario and tell me in
terms of for that specific scenario what
content you use or do you use at a
different sale stages number five is the
last question I usually ask them you
know if you do like a kind of like a 30
minute 101 this is a great question to
end the conversation I always and what
can I do for you why can't marketing do
to help you leave I gave you a laundry
list they can't stop it without you oh
you should do this you should do that
great that doesn't mean you have to do
every single one of them a lot of time
have them talking it's kind of like a
banking session obviously you know you
have to pick up a couple of things right
you cannot leave that laundry list alone
and not doing anything so look at the
list and the prioritize based on your
job scope to support them so get the
list to prioritize and also tell them
what you will do so these are the five
questions that I tend to ask my
salespeople to understand them more and
these questions tend to be a great
starting point or even continuously
building that relationship with your
salespeople give it a try and let me
know what you think and how does that
work for you if you like the episode
please subscribe and I will talk to you
next week thanks a lot bye-bye